docs: add information for contributors (#3264)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: docs/contributors/documentation-guidelines.md

 - Links to examples and developers or html documentation for more details

## Building the HTML documentation

**DISCLAIMER**:

> The documentation sources are in the AsciiDoctor format. The display may not fully work (font-awesome icons and some links) depending on the rendering engine.
> This is the case when displayed directly on GitHub Web.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** To be more English friendly 🙂

```suggestion
The documentation sources are in the AsciiDoctor format. 
Depending on the rendering engine, the display may not work completely (font-awesome icons and some links). 
This is the case when viewing directly on GitHub Web.
```
